# 📝 Daily Stand-Up Notes

**Date:** <!-- e.g., April 22, 2025 -->

**Team:** <!-- e.g., Frontend Development -->

**Facilitator:** <!-- e.g., @alex.acevedo -->

---

## 👥 Attendees

- <!-- @sigma.larry -->
- <!-- @kuri.manju -->
- <!-- @goku -->

---

## 🔄 Individual Updates

### @<!-- team.membergoku -->

- **What did I work on yesterday?**
  - <!-- trained with vegeta for TOP -->

- **What am I working on today?**
  - <!-- working on the turnip patch -->

- **What issues are blocking me?**
  - <!-- Wanting to go fight but the wife say no -->

---

### @<!-- team.member2 -->

- **What did I work on yesterday?**
  - <!-- Placing dealer/player hand alignment -->
- **What am I working on today?**
  - <!-- style.css for dealer.hand and player.hand -->

- **What issues are blocking me?**
  - <!-- Attempting to wrap player+dealer hand to fit all device screens -->

---

## 🚧 Blockers & Dependencies

- <!-- @team.memberAce is waiting on merge accept from @team.FEleader -->
- <!-- @team.member5 needs clarification on design specs for deck from @team.BEleader -->

---

## ✅ Action Items

- [ ] <!-- @team.member_alex to follow up on pull request with team leader -->
- [ ] <!-- @team.member8 to schedule a meeting with the SIGMA team -->

---

## 📌 Notes & Announcements

- <!-- Reminder: Sprint planning meeting on Friday at 10 AM -->
- <!-- New team member AJ onboarding next Monday -->

---
